----------------------------
BASIC COMMANDS ON LOCAL BOX:
----------------------------
git init make a directory a git repos

git status
git add .    (or git add filename(s)) to stage in cache
git rm --cached filenames   to unstage
git commit -m "message"
git log

Note: every time you do a commit the files staged in the cache to be committed are fluted. Once changes are made to files, they need to be restaged

git diff look at unstaged changes
git diff --cached look at staged changes

git log --oneline

Shortcuts:
git commit -a -m "message"   add and commit
git status -s show files that have been modified

---------
REMOTE:
---------
SSH (Only need to do this one for each computer you work from)
In home area, copy .ssh directory to .ssh_ORIG incase you run into problems later.

ssh-keygen -t rsa -C “you@your.email.com” to generate keys to be able to do push/pull. Will ask you to dream up a password.

In .ssh open up id_rsa.pub and copy out key. Go to Account settings, SSH keys tab and click Add SSH key. Paste in the public key from id_rsa.pub

ssh -T git@github.com  to check and see if it worked. Should see something like  Hi YOU! You've successfully authenticated, but GitHub does not provide shell access.

PUSH/PULL
git remote add origin git@github.com:npetraco/sip.git    to tell local git where to push out the project to (the remote repos)

git push origin master   upload local repos to remote

If the following error is encountered:
error master -> master (non-fast-forward)

local and remote repos out of sync. Error message will probably tell you to do a pull. Execute:
git pull origin master
git add -A
git commit -m "modified code"
git push origin master

----------
BRANCHING and SWITING BRANCHES:
----------
git branch

git branch new-branch-name
git checkout new-branch-name   to switch to this branch

git clone git@github.com:npetraco/sip.git  to copy the wile project from the remote repos to your computer. Note: SSH key on the computer must be set up.

If you checkout to the new-branch-name branch, now all git adds, commits pushes, etc will be to/from THIS branch, and NOT the master branch

----------
PULLING:
----------

git pull origin master (or whatever other branch)

HARD RESET OF LOCAL repo WITH remote repo
git fetch --all
git reset --hard origin/master

git fetch downloads the latest from remote without trying to merge or rebase anything. Then the git reset resets the master branch to what you just fetched.(stackpverflow)
